# HelloWorld2
The long-anticipated sequel to the classic "Hello, World!" program.
Meant as a joke program in which I practice programming concepts I've learned.

When ran, opens a JFrame with some components:
-A JButton "Hello World"
-Two Radio Buttons
-A JLabel with 2 buttons on each side

The "Hello World" button will, as the name suggests, print "Hello, World!" in a certain manner based on the values selected.
Selecting the "Line Print" radio button will print the message a number of times equal to the number displayed in the JLabel.
Selecting "Square Print" will instead print an n x n square of the message where n is the value in the JLabel.
The buttons surrounding the JLabel adjust the value it displays. This value ranges from 1 to 6.

Should the value reach a certain amount, certain JButtons will become disabled.
For example, when the value is 1, min and subtract become disabled.
Additionally, having a value of 6 will disable the add and max buttons.

Upon closing the JFrame, the save file system will create a simple file "save.txt" which stores values.
The first value stored within the save file relates to the radio button selection:
- 0 = "Line Print" is selected.
- 1 = "Square Print" is selected.
The second line relates to the starting value for the JLabel, with only values between/including 1 and 6 being accepted.
Should either value fall outside the accepted range, the program will override the read file, and set the value to its default, which is:
- 0 for first line
- 1 for second line

This "save.txt" file is not included in the repository, as it is generated by the program when you close the JFrame for the first time.
